so now let's go over the basic chess
circle before we did our chess slides
going from side to side as well as
lifting the chest up and down now we're
going to combine these into a chess
circle we're going to slide over to one
side keeping the hips really still
tailbone pointing down the remember to
engage the lower abs lifting the chest
up going over to the other side coming
back to neutral over to one side and up
and the other side and neutral remember
to keep your hands really relaxed relax
the neck keep the chin lifted and now
we're going to circle we're going to
connect those dots and create a smooth
movement let's try that with music
and a little bit faster
let's try going into the other direction
and if you're really comfortable get the
arms overhead
and drop the inspected
and that's how you do a chess circle